# Apply SeNorge data to a SWAT+ setup.

This function applies the data extracted by
[`senorge_extract_grid()`](https://moritzshore.github.io/miljotools/reference/senorge_extract_grid.md)
to a SWAT+ project using `SWATprepR`. Please note you need to pass
"Auxiliary data" to this function of additional meteorological data such
that SWAT+ can be run (SeNorge only has precipitation and temperature,
more variables are needed to run SWAT+)

## Usage

``` r
swatplus_senorge(
  extract_path,
  metadata,
  DEM,
  aux_data,
  epsg_code,
  write_path,
  db_path = NULL,
  fill_missing = TRUE,
  period_starts = NA,
  period_ends = NA,
  clean_files = TRUE,
  verbose = FALSE
)
```

## Arguments

- extract_path:

  string, path to the directory where data was extracted using
  [`senorge_extract_grid()`](https://moritzshore.github.io/miljotools/reference/senorge_extract_grid.md)

- metadata:

  string, path to the metadata shape file generated by
  [`senorge_extract_grid()`](https://moritzshore.github.io/miljotools/reference/senorge_extract_grid.md).

- DEM:

  string, path to a `.tif` raster of a DEM which covers the area of the
  extracted grid.

- aux_data:

  string, path to `.xlsx` sheet in `SWATprepR` format with Auxiliary
  meteo data (this is needed, as SeNorge does not have all required
  variables to run SWAT+)

- epsg_code:

  SWATprepR: integer value fo the EPSG code of the projection of the
  auxilliary data (See `?SWATprepR::load_template()`)

- write_path:

  SWATprepR: Character, path to the SWAT+ txtinout folder (example
  "my_model").

- db_path:

  SWATprepR: A character string representing the path to the SWAT+
  SQLite database (e.g., "./output/project.sqlite").

- fill_missing:

  SWATprepR: (optional) Boolean, TRUE - fill data for missing stations
  with data from closest stations with available data. FALSE - leave
  stations without data. Weather generator will be used to fill missing
  variables for a model. Default fill_missing = TRUE.

- period_starts:

  SWATprepR: (optional) Character, date string (example '1991-01-01').
  Default period_starts = NA, stands for all available in data.

- period_ends:

  SWATprepR: (optional) Character, date string (example '2020-12-31').
  Default period_ends = NA, stands for all available in data.

- clean_files:

  SWATprepR: Logical, if TRUE, will remove all existing weather files in
  model setup folder before writing new ones. Default clean_files =
  TRUE.

- verbose:

  logical, print status?

## Value

Returns `TRUE` if function finishes task.

## See also

[`senorge_extract_grid()`](https://moritzshore.github.io/miljotools/reference/senorge_extract_grid.md)

## Examples

``` r
#TODO
```
